hello good afternoon today we are going to decorate
with egg shells is a soap for
hands to decorate our bathroom
I hope you like it and do it and the
materials that we will use will be a
Those one-price soap paints
acrylics the triple tick that is a gloss
bright this which is a primary and
shells and a brush and well let's
start
now let's apply this primary law
on the label that says in fine letters
little girl that says base for metal and
alive and that consists of a phase with
resin is so that we will not fall
the painting or whatever there is
to froyo and it's for all kinds of material
also for plastic and now we will stick
our shells of one you already know
you apply glue and then with the help
of your brush you're sticking it up
fill it completely
today I have good wishes for my page in
Facebook
Mirna and her hands and for my friends from
this page for you cortez nilda home
of mauro soria crafts karl and
patito jiménez
gladis liliana and for our group of
crafts and tutorials my passion the
recycling
already finished putting all our
shell we're going to apply glue and
already after dry we started to apply the
colors of your preference
I'm going to use four colors that I'm going
to dilute in some moments with water
so that it enters very well between
shell and plastic
or
and I only applied small rays
and the work is very nice because
Now let's stain with a little bag
and with the brown color
and
and here we start with our
small patches milestones here is your
I like where I liked how it looked and
I felt that I was missing because I applied
a little more coffee and so I went
until I liked the result
Y
I did not want to stain what is the stopper
cited but in the end I found between
curiosities of my husband a painting in
spray I think feet like golden color but
in matt ilex stopper and went out to paint and
here we are only giving the
Small patches Milestones with color
Golden
and our work is almost ready
i
and this is the little triplet boat says
which is a brilliant gloss and I have
used for a jewelry that you make
but here I have it and I need to finish it
something and then it will serve me but
you can also use a varnish
sparkly
If you have the oil, well, better
and I'm just going to apply it for a
I wait for it to dry and then applied
in the other side
and then we are about to finish
I hope that my work has pleased you and
do it and help me share it and
I invite you to subscribe to my channel
on youtube and that you visit my page in
Facebook
Mirna and her hands and here I leave you two
links that may interest you and from
matamoros tamaulipas mexico I send you a
big hug and you're very good
give me your little hand up if you like me
work